README.md, before:

# Neovim Configurate

<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/neovim/neovim/releases/tag/stable"><img alt="NeoVim Version Capability" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Supports%20Nvim-v0.10.2-A6D895?style=for-the-badge&colorA=363A4F&logo=neovim&logoColor=D9E0EE"></a></p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/TropinoneH/nvim-configuration/stargazers">
        <img
            alt="Stars"
            src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/TropinoneH/nvim-configuration?colorA=363A4F&colorB=B7BDF8&logo=adafruit&logoColor=D9E0EE&style=for-the-badge">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/TropinoneH/nvim-configuration/issues">
        <img
            alt="Issues"
            src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/TropinoneH/nvim-configuration?colorA=363A4f&colorB=F5A97F&logo=github&logoColor=D9E0EE&style=for-the-badge">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/TropinoneH/nvim-configuration/contributors">
        <img
            alt="Contributors"
            src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/TropinoneH/nvim-configuration?colorA=363A4F&colorB=B5E8E0&logo=git&logoColor=D9E0EE&style=for-the-badge">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/TropinoneH/nvim-configuration">
        <img
            alt="Code Size"
            src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/TropinoneH/nvim-configuration?colorA=363A4F&colorB=DDB6F2&logo=gitlfs&logoColor=D9E0EE&style=for-the-badge">
    </a>
</p>

## Plugins

use [lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim) as plugin manager

### editor

[barbar](https://github.com/romgrk/barbar.nvim): tab bar

[better escape](https://github.com/max397574/better-escape.nvim): better performance for insert letter <kbd>j</kbd> and <kbd>k</kbd>

[ccc](https://github.com/uga-rosa/ccc.nvim): render background color for lsp and string color. and select color in palette.

[diffview](https://github.com/sindrets/diffview.nvim): show better git diff

[fidget](https://github.com/j-hui/fidget.nvim): show lsp loading message in bottom right

[gitsigns](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim): git status

[lualine](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim): status bar

[move](https://github.com/fedepujol/move.nvim): move line or word

[noice](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim): better command line

[overseer](https://github.com/stevearc/overseer.nvim): task runner

[persistence](https://github.com/TropinoneH/persistence.nvim): session manager

[rip-substitute](https://github.com/chrisgrieser/nvim-rip-substitute): visual search and replace bar

[scroller view](https://github.com/dstein64/nvim-scrollview): scroll bar and show diagnostics in scrollview

[smart-split](https://github.com/mrjones2014/smart-splits.nvim): jump and resize splited windows

[smartyank](https://github.com/ibhagwan/smartyank.nvim): smart clipboard

[snacks](folke/snacks.nvim): integrated utils

[suda](https://github.com/lambdalisue/suda.vim): write file by sudo

[vim-cool](https://github.com/romainl/vim-cool): better highlight searching word

[which-key](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim): cheatsheet of keybindings

[yazi](https://github.com/mikavilpas/yazi.nvim): yazi file explorer intergration

### formatter

[conform](https://github.com/stevearc/conform.nvim): formatter

[vim-easy-align](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-easy-align): align by some character

### lsp

[autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs): auto close pairs

[blink.cmp](https://github.com/saghen/blink.cmp): auto completion

[Comment](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim): quick toggle comment

[lsp-config](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig): lsp

[mason](https://github.com/williamboman/mason.nvim): lsp, dap, lint manager

[mason-lspconfig](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim): bridge the gap between lsp-config and mason

[mason-tool-installer](https://github.com/WhoIsSethDaniel/mason-tool-installer.nvim): install helper for mason

[lspsaga](https://github.com/nvimdev/lspsaga.nvim): strong utils for lsp actions

[nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround): quick add/remove pair

[rainbow-delimiters](https://github.com/hiphish/rainbow-delimiters.nvim): rainbow brackets and other delimiters

[tabout](https://github.com/abecodes/tabout.nvim): tab out of delimiters

[treesitter](nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter): syntax highlight

[ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag): auto close tags

### themes

[catppuccin](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)

[nord](https://github.com/gbprod/nord.nvim)

[onedarkpro](https://github.com/olimorris/onedarkpro.nvim)

[tokyonight](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)

[vscode](https://github.com/Mofiqul/vscode.nvim)

### language pack

- cmake
- c / c++
- html
- hyprland config
- javascript / typescript
- json
- latex
- lua
- markdown
- python
- rasi (config language of rofi)
- rust
- shell
- toml
- vim / vimdoc
- yaml

Commit message:

add todo comments for highlight

README.md, after:

# Neovim Configurate

<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/neovim/neovim/releases/tag/stable"><img alt="NeoVim Version Capability" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Supports%20Nvim-v0.10.2-A6D895?style=for-the-badge&colorA=363A4F&logo=neovim&logoColor=D9E0EE"></a></p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/TropinoneH/nvim-configuration/stargazers">
        <img
            alt="Stars"
            src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/TropinoneH/nvim-configuration?colorA=363A4F&colorB=B7BDF8&logo=adafruit&logoColor=D9E0EE&style=for-the-badge">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/TropinoneH/nvim-configuration/issues">
        <img
            alt="Issues"
            src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/TropinoneH/nvim-configuration?colorA=363A4f&colorB=F5A97F&logo=github&logoColor=D9E0EE&style=for-the-badge">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/TropinoneH/nvim-configuration/contributors">
        <img
            alt="Contributors"
            src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/TropinoneH/nvim-configuration?colorA=363A4F&colorB=B5E8E0&logo=git&logoColor=D9E0EE&style=for-the-badge">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/TropinoneH/nvim-configuration">
        <img
            alt="Code Size"
            src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/TropinoneH/nvim-configuration?colorA=363A4F&colorB=DDB6F2&logo=gitlfs&logoColor=D9E0EE&style=for-the-badge">
    </a>
</p>

## Plugins

use [lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim) as plugin manager

### editor

[barbar](https://github.com/romgrk/barbar.nvim): tab bar

[better escape](https://github.com/max397574/better-escape.nvim): better performance for insert letter <kbd>j</kbd> and <kbd>k</kbd>

[ccc](https://github.com/uga-rosa/ccc.nvim): render background color for lsp and string color. and select color in palette.

[diffview](https://github.com/sindrets/diffview.nvim): show better git diff

[fidget](https://github.com/j-hui/fidget.nvim): show lsp loading message in bottom right

[gitsigns](https://github.com/lewis6991/gitsigns.nvim): git status

[lualine](https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim): status bar

[move](https://github.com/fedepujol/move.nvim): move line or word

[noice](https://github.com/folke/noice.nvim): better command line

[overseer](https://github.com/stevearc/overseer.nvim): task runner

[persistence](https://github.com/TropinoneH/persistence.nvim): session manager

[rip-substitute](https://github.com/chrisgrieser/nvim-rip-substitute): visual search and replace bar

[scroller view](https://github.com/dstein64/nvim-scrollview): scroll bar and show diagnostics in scrollview

[smart-split](https://github.com/mrjones2014/smart-splits.nvim): jump and resize splited windows

[smartyank](https://github.com/ibhagwan/smartyank.nvim): smart clipboard

[snacks](folke/snacks.nvim): integrated utils

[suda](https://github.com/lambdalisue/suda.vim): write file by sudo

[todo-comments](https://github.com/folke/todo-comments.nvim): highlight TODOs, etc. and jump to them

[vim-cool](https://github.com/romainl/vim-cool): better highlight searching word

[which-key](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim): cheatsheet of keybindings

[yazi](https://github.com/mikavilpas/yazi.nvim): yazi file explorer intergration

### formatter

[conform](https://github.com/stevearc/conform.nvim): formatter

[vim-easy-align](https://github.com/junegunn/vim-easy-align): align by some character

### lsp

[autopairs](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-autopairs): auto close pairs

[blink.cmp](https://github.com/saghen/blink.cmp): auto completion

[Comment](https://github.com/numToStr/Comment.nvim): quick toggle comment

[lsp-config](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig): lsp

[mason](https://github.com/williamboman/mason.nvim): lsp, dap, lint manager

[mason-lspconfig](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim): bridge the gap between lsp-config and mason

[mason-tool-installer](https://github.com/WhoIsSethDaniel/mason-tool-installer.nvim): install helper for mason

[lspsaga](https://github.com/nvimdev/lspsaga.nvim): strong utils for lsp actions

[nvim-surround](https://github.com/kylechui/nvim-surround): quick add/remove pair

[rainbow-delimiters](https://github.com/hiphish/rainbow-delimiters.nvim): rainbow brackets and other delimiters

[tabout](https://github.com/abecodes/tabout.nvim): tab out of delimiters

[treesitter](nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter): syntax highlight

[ts-autotag](https://github.com/windwp/nvim-ts-autotag): auto close tags

### themes

[catppuccin](https://github.com/catppuccin/nvim)

[nord](https://github.com/gbprod/nord.nvim)

[onedarkpro](https://github.com/olimorris/onedarkpro.nvim)

[tokyonight](https://github.com/folke/tokyonight.nvim)

[vscode](https://github.com/Mofiqul/vscode.nvim)

### language pack

- cmake
- c / c++
- html
- hyprland config
- javascript / typescript
- json
- latex
- lua
- markdown
- python
- rasi (config language of rofi)
- rust
- shell
- toml
- vim / vimdoc
- yaml
